---
title: "Working experience"
---

#### Current Company (Project Manager, 2015/08 - present) 

* Lead team of 10 to oversee conception, requirement gathering, documentation and rollout.
* Conduct troubleshooting, analysis and support. Gather user feedback, document bugs and change requests.

#### Manager of the New Molecules department; COFEPRIS Regulatory agency, Ministry of Health, Mexico, 2015/06 - 2016/07

* Led team of 5 physician and chemist reviewers
* Responsible for technical assessments and medical/regulatory affairs of new drugs applications (NDA) and meetings with the industry.
* Drafting and editing technical guidance following international guidelines for the preclinical and clinical dossier. 
* During my supervision, we created the Subcommittee for the Evaluation of New Drugs in Development (SENMD) to foster local new developments and we authorized for the first time in the world the dengue vaccine.

#### Medical Officer; COFEPRIS Regulatory agency, Ministry of Health, Mexico, 2014/02 - 2015/05
* Conducted medical evaluations to authorization dossier, technical and administrative modifications, and extensions of allopathic, biotechnological drugs, and vaccines.
* Adapted and developed guidance and regulations for our local agency to harmonize requirements under ICH guidelines.
* Evaluation of compliance with local regulations of patient education materials, prescribing information, and marketing materials.
* Medical judge for external legal cases.

#### Medical Reviewer; COFEPRIS Regulatory agency, Ministry of Health, Mexico, 2012/02 - 2014/01
* Conducted regulatory drug assessments, evaluation of the medical dossier of allopathic, biotechnological drugs and vaccines
* Implemented procedures for COFEPRIS 2012 Pan-American Health Organization (PAHO) certification and 2014 World Health Organization (WHO) certification.
* Evaluation of compliance with local regulations of patient education, prescribing information, and marketing materials.

#### Occupational Health trainee; Unilever Mexico S de RL de CV, Mexico, 2010/06 - 2011/07
* Assist in health risk assessments.
* Raise awareness of good  practices to prevent work-related injuries, illnesses, and stress by on-site campaigns. 

